we are gonna start this video with the
quotation taken out of context if you
wanted to hear it in context you could
you could read the whole email it's
quoted from in fact if you were really
that interested you've probably already
seen it in context quote I have only
made one statement publicly since my
video that statement said that I had not
accused him of rape because he hadn't
raped me which is not the same as saying
that I had sex with him
period close quote that is a quotation
from Hannah Chloe that is a close
quotation in the context of a
conversation in which she confirms that
she had a telephone call with me a Skype
call called via Skype in which she said
to me that she did indeed have sex with
durianrider and she did not suggest that
there was anything like rape that there
was anything like sexual assault I do
not have an audio recording of that
Skype conversation I have a clear
recollection of it if this actually went
to court I assume they'd be able to
subpoena a recording from Skype this is
never going to go to court and even that
quotation I just read you can see it in
context you can see it out of context if
anyone just presented the email the
correspondence I've had with Hannah and
for her evidently crazy and dishonest
boyfriend nor vegan there would be
plenty of reason to dismiss this in
court now I usually do not make videos
addressed to the stupidest 40% of my
audience that's a principle I try to
adhere to learned here but once in a
while there's something important enough
to compel me to make an exception to the
rule
what is the line of reasoning whereby
noir vegan has overcome your skepticism
whereas the was the live reasoning
whereby noir vegan has invited you to
overlook many inconvenient facts and
sources like this because there are me
another one is freely source that's hard
to rely on we have a problem here where
none of the people offering testimony
are reliable but I've got to tell you
something
I can trust my own testimony I am myself
in a way a witness to these events as
they unfolded noir vegan has invited you
to turn off your powers of reasoning by
arguing first that during writer accused
others of rape second that during writer
has an exotic psychological condition
called narcissistic personality disorder
NPD narcissism she has not been
diagnosed with and he does not even fit
the basic checklist of science and
sentence 4 and therefore this is the
third part of the syllogism you are
supposed to imagine that what
durianrider accuses others of he is in
fact if so facto guilty of himself so if
I were to say to you that because Donald
Trump accuses Bill Clinton of rape that
therefore Donald Trump is guilty of rape
does that make sense to you vice versa
there are allegations of at least sexual
impropriety against Donald
Trump from Hillary Clinton did you
reason that Hillary Clinton was a
narcissist engaging in psychological
projection and that therefore this was
proof or evidence of Hillary Clinton
committing the same crimes this is a
laughably weak argument laughably okay
nor vegan is a liar nor vegan is lying
to you and I can't remember anyone in
the history of YouTube who has been more
flagrantly open about his own malice and
his own motivations
if lying to you he has spelled out for
you his means motive and opportunity
okay the only other element of Noir
vegans argument is that he tries to
present an argument by analogy that what
Hannah experienced was similar to what
another young woman named Josie
experienced okay I disapprove of the
relationship during writer had with
Josie
I think durianrider was very immature
and cruel especially in the period of
their breakup he did many things we
would all consider unconscionable
dishonest disreputable however
absolutely nothing in Josie's account of
the story just taking her side of it the
story no other witnesses no excuses are
spicy reminder Josie's account of the
story never alleges rape it describes
them as someone who sort of pushy and
needy and immature but again nor vegan
is hoping he can just blacken during
writers character to the point that any
allegation and any accusation starts to
seem credible unbelievable and this is
familiar to me because it's the same
thing Duran Ryder did himself when he
try
to defame and denounce me in the public
eye he just blackened my character to
the point when people were willing to
ignore facts and one type of fact in the
digital era is what people say for
themselves in the first person in public
statements on a blog or in a youtube
comment section right this is one type
of evidence it's a durianrider alleged
that I was sleeping with two women this
is the original location and one of
those women was living in Scotland and
it was completely impossible that I'd
ever met her she later did a podcast on
this channel you hear us laughing about
that that the nature of these
allegations how how or why did anyone
believe them they were so ridiculous
okay
so that allegation disappeared because I
guess at some point you figured out he
couldn't back that up because I had
never flown a scholar or I was in
Scotland many many years ago not
recently
and then the second allegation concerned
a 16 year old in Chiangmai
and who's spending a lot of time with
durianrider but who had never met me
I'd never spoken to her face-to-face and
of course one salient form of evidence
here is that she said it had never
happened she said she'd never met me she
said she'd never had any kind of
improper contact or conversation with me
okay so who that's very different they
stole there's no he said she said it's a
completely one-sided story I'm saying
this is faking it's a lie the young
woman is also saying openly at that time
that it's fake and it's a lie the other
details are not worth rehearsing here
okay but with similarly spurious and
specious reasoning durianrider led a
crowd of maybe a hundred thousand people
down a path to carry out a kind of
witch-hunt against me right you had a
big big audience back then that was him
at the pinnacle of his fame and
influence and he was backed up by freely
in the middle of this big promotional
event
and you know I won I didn't win by lying
I didn't win by joking around or
misleading anyone I won by just telling
the truth
I won by just keeping it real
okay unfortunately I won at a terrible
price when I look at the judgment of the
court against me in France my ex-wife
raised the fact that I was a YouTube
celebrity many times and in various ways
those on YouTube seem to mention as
often as possible and I suppose that the
judge looked into the judges job what my
YouTube career consisted of and at that
time there were terrible allegations
swirling all around YouTube against me
and there's a lot of vague wording in
this court judgment against me it's it's
has to do with the custody of my
daughter my right to see my my daughter
just saying that I'm a very
psychologically disturbing character
things of this which in my opinion there
is no basis for in any of the legal
documents I don't think there's any say
on basis or any other basis I speculate
that the judge came to that judgment
came to that decision on the basis of
what the anonymous crowd said on YouTube
I'm sure the judge would be embarrassed
to admit that okay so it's had terrible
effects in my life and it's probably
going to continue to have terrible
effects in my life next couple of years
and guess what what nor vegan is doing
now it's not helping me and it's not
helping him either okay Doreen Reiter is
a liar durianrider is someone who
discredited himself to an unbelievable
extent not just in attacking me also in
attacking many others but I was the
first one to really stand up against him
decisively and in a clear and honest way
demolish his reputation to the point
where nobody took what he said seriously
anymore
and the tragedy is that nobody can take
what he says seriously in his own
defense either now that there are
equally absurd unjust and legally
invalid allegations being made against
him so that is the sad end of during
writers story I had other options I
didn't have to play it this way one
option was to make a big joke out of
this whole thing right at the beginning
to just laugh about it and say how
ridiculous how ridiculous for you to say
slept with this sixteen-year-old who was
very fat and very ugly and very stupid I
mean she was 16 but it was laughable the
allegation on many many levels she was a
young woman who was struggling with
being horrendously over beasts pardon me
horrendous really so horrendously
overweight was she'd gone to Thailand to
try to lose weight his desperate
struggle a very sad story but there were
many things about that story that were
not credible and he made these grandiose
claims that I'd slept with a huge number
of women in Quebec when I was living on
the west coast of Canada and that I'd
had some flirtations with her slept with
a bunch of women with in Chiang Mai
Thailand within just like 48 hours am I
getting off the plane I think he didn't
realize how I'd kind of just right there
it would have been very easy for me to
have a satirical joking response to it
and yeah I could have gotten up the map
and said oh yeah of course this
completely makes sense within these 48
hours I flew to Quebec and had a love
affair there and then flew across the
world you know you could have had a
laugh at it a whole bunch of different
ways and not treated it so seriously
second option
I could have remained completely silent
and I could have solved it through
violence it crossed my mind especially
when Doreen Ryder was in vientiene the
capital city of Laos
the People's Democratic Republic if
there's one place on earth I know my way
around I know my way in and I know my
way out and I know my way around all the
cops and the authorities and I speak the
language it would be vientiene the
capital city of Laos and yeah that
option crossed my mind especially when I
found out that during Ryder was at that
time kind of quite a while based out of
the capital city of Los and you know it
was a very simple ethical question I had
asked myself I think the only thing that
justifies violence is preventing
violence I think the only circumstance
that would really justify murder is if
you're gonna prevent someone from
committing a murder from committing many
murders where the harm that you're
averting is greater than the harm that
you're doing so that was a very easy
question for me to answer and I also
could see that by instead standing up
publicly and discussing and debating
these things openly I could avert harm I
could prevent other people having their
lives destroyed other people being
defamed other people having their names
dragged through the mud etc with no
violence at all with no negative side
effects of them except possibly as
mentioned the very real negative side
effect for me in the de custody decision
divorce decisions related to my my time
with my daughter the question you have
to ask now about what noir vegan is
doing is he trying to avert harm or is
he trying to harm people I've known this
guy and talked to him for years and one
by one I've seen the other people who
supported him and sympathized with him
they've had to come to the conclusion
however reluctantly that he's really
crazy he's really dangerous he's really
destructive he has bad intentions
nothing is going to satisfy nor vegan
when he's done with durianrider he'll
target someone else when he's done with
foot soldier he'll target someone else
when he's done with me he'll target
someone else this is not somebody who is
doing harm in order to avert harm nor
vegan has become the very thing he
pretends to hate